## **Videogames** // first draft

The word I've chosen is "videogames." Even though this word is a general term or an umbrella term, it has had a massive impact on my life. When you talk about videogames, it takes me back to those days when I was at home, playing on my father's old PC and PlayStation 1 with my friends. It truly brought us closer and created unforgettable memories.
At that time I had all my friends around our cottage, where my parents and I spent all weekends, holidays and generally all free days when we could. When I was at the cottage, we would often go out and alternate being outside with just playing video games. It was a perfect combination because that way both of our interests never got old and we always had something to look forward to. On the other hand, when I had to go to school during the week, I couldn't be with my friends since I lived an hour and a half drive away. I really wanted to fit in in my school, but unfortunately, I wasn't able to make much if any friends at my school and fit in with my peers. It didn't help that I changed classes a lot in my first five years of elementary school, so even when I found someone, we didn't stay in touch for long. 
Luckily, I grew up in a time when the internet was developed well enough, that it wasn't such a problem. So my friends and I would call on Skype almost every day back then and play games together. We switched games a lot, we played Call of Duty for some time, which I wasn't good at, we played Minecraft for a long time, which I believe I owe my creative side to, and we ended up playing League of Legends, that intruduced me into esport. All of these games had big impact on me and even though some of them really didn't work for me and there were days when we didn't enjoy playing them, I still hold them in high regart, because they allowed us to spend time together. 
Today, even though not all my friends play these games anymore and consider them a waste of time, I can't deny their significant impact on my life. Video games are the reason I do what I do today. They inspired me to start working in the visual and creative field, and they still inspire me to this day. For instance, I still love League of Legends, and I currently dream of getting involved in a project related to their brand. Thanks to videogames, I wrote a 100 page thesis last year on game development and even came up with my own concept for a historical narrative video game.
This year, I'm working on my bachelor's thesis about redesigning the Czechoslovak esports league in League of Legends, all because of my strong connection to video games. Games have always offered me a wide range of experiences, whether it's unforgettable single-player stories that I believe I'll remember for the rest of my life, the creative outlet of building in Minecraft, the motivation to be competitive and collaborate with friends to win in a competitive game, or simply being a fan of my favorite team in my beloved game, feeling the excitement when they win and the sadness when they lose.
All these experiences give me motivation and hope that someday I, too, will have the chance to work in such an environment and contribute to something that has given me so much and means everything to me.

-----------------------------------------------------

- [First Draft](first-draft.md)
- [Revisition](revisition.md)
- [Edit](edit.md)
- [Final draft](index.md)
